README.md, before:

# Organize for Innovation

This respository contains files related to *Organize for Innovation*, a companion to Jim Whitehurst's 2015 book, [*The Open Organization*](https://www.redhat.com/en/explore/the-open-organization-book) (Harvard Business Review Press).

## About the book

What principles ground your organization's culture and drive its operations? And are those principles the ones best suited to solving the problems you're facing?

In *Organize for Innovation*, Jim Whitehurst (Senior Advisor, IBM, and former President and CEO, Red Hat) poses these questions as he reflects on the technological, social, and economic forces impacting the ways we work. Arguing that solving contemporary business problems requires new organizational principles, models, and dynamics, Whitehurst explains how leaders everywhere can begin rethinking how they utilize data, approach failure, structure teams, and set goals—in short, how they can become more innovative.

*Organize for Innovation* complements Whitehurst's widely read management book, *The Open Organization* (Harvard Business Review Press), collecting writing on organizational culture, organizational design, and organizational leadership today—all part of an ongoing conversation about the challenges we face in transformative, fast-moving, and uncertain times.

## Repository contents

In this repository, please find:

- Images of the book's cover (in .``png`` and ``.pdf`` formats)
- "Binary" versions of the book (in ``.pdf`` and ``.epub`` formats)
- "Source code" for the book (in ``.odt`` format)

Commit message:

Further specify author titles and affiliations

README.md, after:

# Organize for Innovation

This respository contains files related to *Organize for Innovation*, a companion to Jim Whitehurst's 2015 book, [*The Open Organization*](https://www.redhat.com/en/explore/the-open-organization-book) (Harvard Business Review Press).

## About the book

What principles ground your organization's culture and drive its operations? And are those principles the ones best suited to solving the problems you're facing?

In *Organize for Innovation*, Jim Whitehurst (Senior Advisor and former President, IBM, and former President and CEO, Red Hat) poses these questions as he reflects on the technological, social, and economic forces impacting the ways we work. Arguing that solving contemporary business problems requires new organizational principles, models, and dynamics, Whitehurst explains how leaders everywhere can begin rethinking how they utilize data, approach failure, structure teams, and set goals—in short, how they can become more innovative.

*Organize for Innovation* complements Whitehurst's widely read management book, *The Open Organization* (Harvard Business Review Press), collecting writing on organizational culture, organizational design, and organizational leadership today—all part of an ongoing conversation about the challenges we face in transformative, fast-moving, and uncertain times.

## About the author

Jim Whitehurst is Senior Advisor at IBM. With a background in business development, finance, and global operations, he has proven expertise helping companies flourish—even in the most challenging environments.

He was previously President of IBM, where he was responsible for the IBM Cloud and Cognitive Software organization, and Corporate Strategy.

Prior to IBM, Whitehurst served as President and CEO of Red Hat, the world’s leading provider of open source enterprise software solutions.

## Repository contents

In this repository, please find:

- Images of the book's cover (in .``png`` and ``.pdf`` formats)
- "Binary" versions of the book (in ``.pdf`` and ``.epub`` formats)
- "Source code" for the book (in ``.odt`` format)
